the Bible is the mark of the beast
today's verse special day because this
makes five years that we've been telling
people at the bottom of my mark of the
beast so this is a fifth Hannah brush ah
we've been telling them on YouTube human
tell people the Bible's and I'll since
1970 but since we went online this is
just wait that video how many times if
you typed on the Bible's more than this
so many times yes count my camera so the
genies out of the bottle now this first
time is they've been spoken and now it's
out many many thousands of people know
it and you can't put it back here no
more now this three things happen you
can't wear a cloak to cover it up
anymore and it's a warning to people and
then it's also for Holy Ghost people
wants to get into the spirit you can't
get in the spirit reading the book you
got to ask God for the Holy go I'm a Sun
God because God lives in me you can't
read about somebody that had the Holy go
and claim you got to hold it go this
won't give you the holyoke only get only
God gives you the guilt so pay attention
what we've done in five years God's
blessed and Jesus can throw the honor
all the glory I didn't know the Bible
was not Lord it was the market face
Jesus is the only 10 in the first video
that we made was on our original channel
called Bible 666 and that was on August
18 2010 we remade the video and put it
on the channel that this one is on in
2013 so but this is a fifth year since
our first video telling them one of this
message okay rejet miss bunkin first
video telling the world the bible is the
mark of the beast never been told before
his history 400 years they had the bible
and nobody said it was a mark of the
beast was not because God let him
believe a lot because they didn't want
to know the truth now this is a no-go
here you'll see it on youtube alone what
is the market abuse of
what that tells the truth it's the
delusion that if it was possible I would
deceive the very elect because who would
have ever imagined that Satan what it
took the history of God's people and
used it to keep them from God all right
now this is the truth every frittata
over big perch and I worked with a lot
the devil said it couldn't be down but
that was wrong huh the devil said this
couldn't be done then there could be
told but nice being Pope been told the
millions other people have been telling
them too so it's not just the ones you
see on our child jesus said that his
voice would be heard again in the lamb
1977 said his boss would be hurt again
in the land in sight and said it
wouldn't be but jesus said it would be
and so it is well now we have 700 videos
and nearly 2 million views a lot of
people they put videos on earth then you
have to take them all because they ain't
right all these tears you the Bible some
want to the beach the Bible's a model
and it tells you how to be a Christian
only one way to be a Christian that's to
be it on it that's what it means
Anointed One they called him Christian
first and Antioch because they were
undaunted an order means you have the
Holy Spirit five years on YouTube
thousands of comments hundreds of
thousands of comments people write and
say you're crazy that can't be good and
I don't think I've never heard it before
they've been taught to have their faith
in a Bible you still having faith in the
spirit so Jesus signed a lie to our
generation with the truth to break this
delusion that keeps people from
fellowship with God you only have access
to God by the Holy Spirit not by the
Bible reading about Jesus in history
does not make you save and it does not
make you know him or give you a
relationship with him his voice is being
heard again his voice is being heard
through his children he speaks through
his children of living moist by the Holy
Spirit see these words came from
above they didn't come from a book they
came from Jesus the words we speak or
spirit and they bring you live if you
look to the Holy Ghost get why the sons
of God are being manifested and the
daughters and the doors and the doors so
the Bible is an aisle it's the first
word he spoke to him in 1970 put me in
like a glass house of transience five
words but nobody there but me and Jesus
and he said the Bible is an ID laws in a
big tent me and that's horrible up at
night and dr. hungry have you were
surrounded by people and traffic going
by but the Lord put you in a trance and
the special place and spoke to you
nobody heard it but the hell I was your
eye toward the Bible and at the end of
me and the Bible is the mark of the
beast 666 all right they say oh but it's
not the Bible's not the mark of the
beast as many alright say oh I've did
shift but now we tell them it's the
number of a man dumb it not the number
of a chair it's not the number of money
so we refuted all that carnage it's an
object of worship makes you bow down and
take his mark King James he was the evil
beast and he authorized it to control
people with and keep them out of the
spirit it is written not with ink hopes
these people are interested if you have
this for your word of god you're ain't
Christian yeah if you just read it as
history and has no authority and it's
not a problem when it has Authority with
you and you esteem it to be the Word of
God then you've taken a mark of the
beast Jesus wrote this in my heart I
with the spirit of the Living God it's
not written with ink but with the spirit
of the Living Rock ago didn't they by
his boss and he doesn't write this and
you I boss off and some of the people
say no he who tells you what he wants
you to do what he doesn't want you to do
by the spirit in you it's God in your
Christ opinion Jesus sent the Holy
Spirit to guide us
not a book they didn't have a book for
hundreds of years they were led by the
Holy Spirit they used the book to kill
the spiritual ones Jesus sent the Holy
Spirit to guide us so anyway Thea the
original video was remade and put on
this channel in august 2013 and i'll put
the link to it below this video in the
description if you want to look at it so
today it's a big date Jesus is satisfied
with me and booking it we told the truth
cooking a long time to get us here so
it's totally a lot of people thousands
and thousands and millions of people
know this so now you have to answer to
God or worshipping you but all churches
are built upon the Bible so we're in the
last days so remember the Bible is an
idol